Mention basic entities in the `UPGRADE.md` file (#8330)
contao/contao: UPGRADE.md

### Public folder

The public folder is now called `public` by default. It can be renamed in the `composer.json` file.

### Basic entities

The "[basic entities](https://docs.contao.org/manual/en/article-management/insert-tags/#basic-entities)" such as

> `[-]`, `[nbsp]` etc. are not automatically converted back during rendering. Instead they are converted in the back

Reviewer: Frankly, I don't get the explanation 🙈  Where exactly are the entities not converted back? And how does this confuse people so they would check if there is an entry in the `UPGRADE.md` file? And how is the new behavior different from the previous one?

Author: Previously, Contao's "basic entities", e.g. `[-]`, `[nbsp]` etc. were handled like insert tags - i.e. when the `fe_page.html5` template was rendered, they were converted back to `&shy;`, `&nbsp;` etc. This is now not the case anymore. They will directly be transformed to their HTML counterparts when saving a DCA record in the back end, but only for fields where the conversion is enabled in its `eval`.

Reviewer: And why do we have to mention this in the `UPGRADE.md` file? What do the users have to do?

Author: They need to set `'basicEntities' => true` in the fields where they use these basic entities.

> The "[basic entities](https://docs.contao.org/manual/en/article-management/insert-tags/#basic-entities)" such as
> `[-]`, `[nbsp]` etc. are not automatically converted back during rendering. Instead they are converted in the back
> end when saving a record to the database, if the respective field has `'basicEntities' => true` enabled in its `eval`
> section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Basic entities][1] such as `[-]` or `[nbsp]` are no longer converted automatically when a page is rendered. Instead,
you have to add `'basicEntities' => true` to the `eval` section of the fields you want to use them in, so they are
converted when a record is saved in the back end.

[1]: https://docs.contao.org/manual/en/article-management/insert-tags/#basic-entities
```

This is much clearer to me in terms of what needs to be done.
